we are learning more about rosetta's
Lander if you missed it they've had some
trouble miss their target landing zone
and the lander may not be able to do
everything it was expected to do see the
link below to the e essays update page
for new information a fascinating
article is out describing how hailstones
form they build around organic material
this also has implications for the
fourth phase of water from our interview
with dr. Pollack we've got even more
confirmation that Uranus is experiencing
wild storms making it sixth on the list
with Venus Earth Mars Jupiter and Saturn
as having major climate change click on
our climate change link below for more
information on October thirtieth we
expressed our opinion that the solar
pole flip was not yet complete and that
the northern fields would go back into
negative polarity at least once more we
now have confirmation that this indeed
occurred in mid-october a link to the
full explanation video from October can
also be found right below the video
right now we've got the northern
positive coronal hole facing earth
equatorial extension on its heels we've
also got two plasma filaments north and
south presenting moderate eruption
threats on the earth side of the Sun but
the bigger story is the return of the
mega spots the incoming southern active
region still maintaining mammoth-sized
and maintaining its strong Delta class
magnetics but so far we've seen no major
activity with its return the mobile
Observatory project is in Atlanta until
tomorrow afternoon and at the Sandy
Springs whole foods on Roswell Road from
11am to 2pm tomorrow come hang out get
some non-gmo food while you're at it two
of our three North Carolina locations
are set with Raleigh's still requiring
finalization then we'll head through
South Carolina and down to Florida the
events in blue are solidified and the
events in black still need venues and
confirmation wink wink check it out an
observatory project com I'll see you
tomorrow morning for the full news
updates be safe everyone